[IMP] CRM: updating flow and screenshots about lead mining (#2535)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/crm/acquire_leads/lead_mining.rst

- :guilabel:`States`: further define leads geolocation criteria by state, if applicable
- :guilabel:`Industries`: define specific scope(s) of industry where leads work in
- :guilabel:`Sales Team`: choose which Sales Team the leads will be assigned to
- :guilabel:`Salesperson`: choose which person(s) on the Sales Team the leads will be assigned to
- :guilabel:`Default Tags`: choose what tags are added directly to the leads once found

Pricing
=======

Lead mining is an In-App Purchase feature and each generated lead costs one credit.

Choosing to receive contact information from each lead will also cost one additional credit.

.. note::
   See here for full pricing information `feature Lead Generation by Odoo IAP
   <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/in-app-services/167?>`__.

To buy credits, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Settings --> Buy
Credits`.

.. image:: lead_mining/buy-lead-mining-credits-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Buy credits from lead mining settings

Alternatively, credits may also be purchased by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings -->
In-App Purchases --> View my Services`.

> .. image:: lead_mining/buy-lead-mining-credits-iap.png

Reviewer: This image is accurate for 14.0 but inaccurate for 15.0. Let's replace it with the attached image (already compressed), which will be accurate for both.
![view-my-services-setting](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101904966/192658541-77949583-cfa6-4688-9521-3855abffa919.png)

   :align: center

>    :alt: Buy credits via In-app Purchase settings

Reviewer: Editing to match the new image
```suggestion
   :alt: Buy credits via Odoo IAP settings
```

.. tip::

>    - Consumed credits dynamically display in real-time how many credits the current settings need.
>    - If you are on Odoo Online (SaaS) and have the Enterprise version, you benefit from free trial
>      credits to test the feature.

Reviewer: Deleting the first bullet point and editing wording
```suggestion
   Users of Odoo Online (SaaS) Enterprise automatically have free trial credits in their database to test any IAP features.
```

===========
Lead mining
===========

Lead mining is a feature that allows CRM users to generate new leads directly into their Odoo
database. To ensure lead qualification, lead mining output is determined by a variety of filtering
criteria, such as the country, the company size, and the industry.

Configuration
=============

To get started, go to :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Settings` and activate
:guilabel:`Lead Mining`.

.. image:: lead_mining/activate-lead-mining.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Activate lead mining in Odoo CRM settings.

Generate leads
==============

> After the :guilabel:`Lead Mining` setting is activated, a new button called :guilabel:`Generate
> Leads` is available to use in the pipeline. Lead mining requests are also available through
> :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Lead Mining Requests`, or through :menuselection:`CRM -->
> Leads --> Leads` where the :guilabel:`Generate Leads` button is also available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the :guilabel:`Lead Mining` setting is activated, a new button called :guilabel:`Generate
Leads` is available to use in the :guilabel:`CRM` pipeline. Lead mining requests are also available
through :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Lead Mining Requests`, or through
:menuselection:`CRM --> Leads --> Leads` where the :guilabel:`Generate Leads` button is also
available.
```

.. image:: lead_mining/generate-leads-button.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Generate Leads button to use lead mining feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :alt: The Generate Leads button to use the lead mining feature.
```

Click on the :guilabel:`Generate Leads` button, and a window will appear offering a variety of
criteria by which to generate leads.

.. image:: lead_mining/generate-leads-popup.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Pop-up window with selection criteria in order to generate leads in Odoo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :alt: The pop-up window with the selection criteria to generate leads in Odoo.
```

Choose to generate leads for :guilabel:`Companies` to get company information only, or choose
:guilabel:`Companies and their Contacts` to get company information as well as individual employee
contact information. When targeting :guilabel:`Companies and their Contacts`, there is an option to
filter contacts based on :guilabel:`Role` or :guilabel:`Seniority`.

Additional filtering options include:

- :guilabel:`Size`: filter leads based on the number of employees at the company
- :guilabel:`Countries`: filter leads based on the country (or countries) they are located in
- :guilabel:`States`: further filter leads based on the state they are located in, if applicable
- :guilabel:`Industries`: filter leads based on the specific industry they work in
- :guilabel:`Sales Team`: choose which Sales Team the leads will be assigned to
- :guilabel:`Salesperson`: choose which person(s) on the Sales Team the leads will be assigned to

> - :guilabel:`Default Tags`: choose what tags are added directly to the leads once found

Reviewer: Editing wording
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Default Tags`: choose which tags are applied to the leads
```

.. note::
   Make sure to be aware of the latest EU regulations when receiving contact information. Get more
   information about the General Data Protection Regulation on `Odoo GDPR <http://odoo.com/gdpr>`__.

Pricing
=======

> Lead mining is an In-App Purchase feature and each generated lead costs one credit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lead mining is an *In-App Purchase* feature and each generated lead costs one credit.
```

Choosing to generate :guilabel:`Companies and their Contacts` will cost one additional credit for
each contact generated.

.. note::

>    See here for full pricing information: `feature Lead Generation by Odoo IAP

Reviewer: Deleting a (typo) word
```suggestion
   See here for full pricing information: `Lead Generation by Odoo IAP
```

   in-app-services/167?>`__.

> To buy credits, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Settings`, and under the
> :guilabel:`Lead Mining` section, click on :guilabel:`Buy Credits`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To buy credits, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Settings`. In the
:guilabel:`Lead Generation` section, under the :guilabel:`Lead Mining` feature, click on
:guilabel:`Buy Credits`.
```

.. image:: lead_mining/buy-lead-mining-credits-setting.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Buy credits from lead mining settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :alt: Buy credits from the lead mining settings.
```

> Credits may also be purchased by navigating to the :guilabel:`Settings` app. Under the
> :guilabel:`Odoo IAP` section, click on :guilabel:`View My Services`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Credits may also be purchased by navigating to the :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings`.
In the :guilabel:`In-App Purchases` section, under the :guilabel:`Odoo IAP` feature, click on
:guilabel:`View My Services`.
```

> .. image:: lead_mining/buy-lead-mining-credits-iap.png

Reviewer: Please replace the current image with the attached image, and change the image name to `lead_mining/view-my-services-setting.png`
![view-my-services-setting](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101904966/193158867-d3edc01c-f72d-4d1d-ad06-fd72e2444169.png)

   :align: center

>    :alt: Buy credits via Odoo IAP settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :alt: Buy credits in the Odoo IAP settings.
```

Choose to generate leads for :guilabel:`Companies` to get company information only, or choose
:guilabel:`Companies and their Contacts` to get company information as well as individual employee
contact information. When targeting :guilabel:`Companies and their Contacts`, there is an option to
filter contacts based on :guilabel:`Role` or :guilabel:`Seniority`.

Additional filtering options include:

- :guilabel:`Size`: filter leads based on the number of employees at the company
- :guilabel:`Countries`: filter leads based on the country (or countries) they are located in
- :guilabel:`States`: further filter leads based on the state they are located in, if applicable
- :guilabel:`Industries`: filter leads based on the specific industry they work in
- :guilabel:`Sales Team`: choose which Sales Team the leads will be assigned to
- :guilabel:`Salesperson`: choose which person(s) on the Sales Team the leads will be assigned to
- :guilabel:`Default Tags`: choose which tags are applied directly to the leads once found

.. note::
   Make sure to be aware of the latest EU regulations when receiving contact information. Get more

>    information about the General Data Protection Regulation on `Odoo GDPR <http://odoo.com/gdpr>`__.

Author: Only [one underscore is needed ](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/15.0/contributing/documentation/rst_cheat_sheet.html#external-hyperlinks)for the link.
```suggestion
   information about the General Data Protection Regulation on `Odoo GDPR <http://odoo.com/gdpr>`_.
```

Pricing
=======

Lead mining is an *In-App Purchase* feature and each generated lead costs one credit.

> Choosing to generate :guilabel:`Companies and their Contacts` will cost one additional credit for
> each contact generated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Choosing to generate :guilabel:`Companies and their Contacts` costs one additional credit for each
contact generated.
```

.. note::

>    See here for full pricing information: `Lead Generation by Odoo IAP <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/
>    in-app-services/167?>`__.

Author: Same here. Only one underscore for the link.
```suggestion
   See here for full pricing information: `Lead Generation by Odoo IAP <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/
   in-app-services/167?>`_.
```
